[Music]
Sumathi it's too boring
THG welcome ladies and gentleman to a
very special video I have not good
facecam in a long time it's been a
minute because obviously you know I'll
have my own way of doing things you know
when I record I don't wear clothes you
know I surround the news because I love
being comfortable when I play games
because I don't face cam anymore but
today is a special day so I got dressed
I'm wearing a beanie because my hair is
a disaster so I gotta get that cut I
don't have money on the right now but I
digress
i becquer's today is it very special
because something came in the mail today
that it's not only going to change my
life but it's going to change your
student first off I want to say thank
you to these guys for using my youtube
name and they may alternate it coming
that don't want people coming to stop me
I use my real name right there it's it
you can see that they use they use my
youtube name right there when they send
it to me in the mail that is freaking
awesome but what I have in this package
is going to change your life and but
especially going to change mind if you
guys don't follow me on Twitter you
don't know what's going on what this is
so I'm going to give you a brief
synopsis of what happened I've been
trying to get a sponsorship from a
company named gamer gloves and they they
don't have sponsorships overall right
now they're a small company they're
really dealing with a lot of things
right now so they can't really sponsor
anyone right now but they said once they
get a little bit of growth my name is on
the top of that Lake so I made a little
video in my favorite video game WWE 2k
17 well favoritest exist hey I love any
WWE but this is the latest one
my latest favorite I made a video where
my character in game is rockin gamer
glove sponsored is what rock in the logo
on the on the tights on the entrance
gear everything we're coming out to the
Amazon set season to theme in all the
did they loved it like I sent it to them
as because I just want to show my
support I wasn't expecting to get
anything from them I wasn't expecting
any reward I was expecting a reaction
that's what I was trying to get I wanted
to say this is amazing we appreciate you
doing this
I wasn't expecting them to send me dick
thing so what I have here is their main
product in this package they sent it to
me as thanks for the video which I again
was not expecting they sent me this I'm
blown away that they would actually do
this for me and I'm going to show you
guys just what's in here so here we go
guys I'm opening this to the first I
haven't seen what's inside I kind of
know what's inside but I haven't seen it
so we're going to open this bad boy up
we're going to do this inside and then
we're going to do like a quick little
showcase of it here I just got off work
lately money we're expecting maybe a
letter of thanks but this dick gamer
gloves gorgeous - this is their latest
line of this new latest product it's on
their website costs $40 and they sent me
a free pair as thanks for that epic
video and I'm going to show you guys
what this is let's see what it does
right here
measures of this painting okay zebra
gloves I'll see pretty much on their
website they just have all
specifications on what this is so open
this luckily I was really kind of hoping
they would send me a letter or something
but is what it is we're gonna open this
baby up do a little unboxing here we go
okay alright in the trash can okay here
we go is it right here these are the
gloves
hey yo Jack yeah unbox therapy yeah let
me bring this up right quick I'm just
gonna bring this up okay I want to tell
you I want to run down the
specifications of what this is exactly I
want you guys to know what this is about
so we're going to bring this up it was a
junior gloves duck I'm going to read
this off you guys so yup you guys can
check it out for yourself
and you know make your own distinction
on what I like getting it you know
that's not the website gamer
[Music]
and here after google it recollect is it
Oh dog gamer gloves it's dog gamer
gloves calm okay so you says here the
gamer gloves are an overall style to
keep your hands from sweating on the
controller allow you to maintain the
ultimate control gamer gloves are here
to help all gamers play their fullest
potential sports teams provide the most
up-to-date equipment for their players
on farm to a highest allow them to
perform at their highest possible level
and we're trying to do the same thing
but in the gaming industry with eSports
if you play wide receiver got your
gloves and click goalie without your
gloves if you're better that's a glove
so that's to know these and why would
you ever gain without gloves so these
gloves are amazing they have like a
little video on their YouTube tip and on
their page that tells you like what
these are made of like all this good
jazz and these things are amazing these
are the person - this is what this is
okay let me show you what this guys are
okay see these little red dots these are
what they call tactile precision grips
these are all actually will allow you to
actually get a good grip on the
controller they also have in Tennessee
this is this foot design they're
designed to be in mind be like a second
skin so there's going to be there like
without being there they have an
interior stitch the stitching is on the
inside so basically right there all the
stitching is there some everybody
doesn't get snagged on anything that's a
ramp like that you plates all on the
inside against cotton anything probably
your fingernail bite that will do that
because by the way the stitching is
looks it looks like they did a pretty
good job with this begin like man can
see that right there it also is a great
sweat absorber the material is actually
observes any sweat from your fingers so
you get a maintain a grip on the karmic
controller and it also has right here on
the top touch pad so you can still use
your phone use your tablet for those
hardcore fingers swiping gamers works
out pretty great they also had sex
I hope certain staff here so what we're
going to do basically and also has the
thumb grip here on the thumb it's a fun
feminine rifle right here to go thumb
grip you see that he actually lets you
get a better grip on the thumb sticks so
basically you're not like you know just
looking around trying to get like you
know like like so your fingers aren't
sliding around you know that this is
what this gets entailing so what's going
to happen right now and do not to wash
them and they won't like the velcro
won't fade off or like the logos or
anything
these are washer safe so this is all the
good shape you're getting here with
gamer gloves I'm working I'm talks with
them currently right now I want to be
sponsored by them so this is this video
is not sponsored in any way shape or
form I should end up dead out right now
not sponsored yet hopefully later on
down the line when they finally decide
to pick me up this will be a sponsored
video Oh we'll get you guys some
promotional stuff whatever but this is
the product so what we're going to do
right now let me put these on first
let's try these on let's see how they
fill back I already feel like a little
bit of comfortable that I can see myself
using these when I'm playing Minecraft
or you know what I'm playing like you
know that is that is
[Music]
okay so again thanks to the game's lovin
again I was not expecting you guys to
actually send me a pair when I did that
video I was not considering it but I'm
blown away that you would do this I
thank you very much and this is like the
comfiest glove I've worn a lot of gloves
everyone meetings I've worn like work
gloves sleeveless good fingerless gloves
this is the real deal look at that look
at that cool not the same this clay is
baby playing just with me this week I'm
not too sweet myself oh there you go
this is beautiful so what we're gonna do
right now right here pick it up we go my
xbox controller black like see how this
feels
wow that feels amazing we're going to
test it out right now let me switch over
next team this is the game where that
caught me these gloves guys this is it
this is the game we're going to play a
match just to see how it feels with with
the gloves on so let me uh first off the
drinks over here turn on the audio so
you guys can hear what's going on
okay I'm going to play a quick 1v1 match
and we're going to see Oh just by moving
it right now just moving it with on the
menus right now this feels insanely
comfortable we're going to get into a
gameplay aspect and see what we can do
with that we're going to a Falls Count
Anywhere match let's see you know what
for this occasion I got to be I got to
do what got me to the dance and you see
right there I got the gamer Bloods logo
on my character we're going to play a
tune Who am I going to fake tonight
don't want to fight tonight
fight Reaper a good Reaper CAW we are
going you know what let's fight
skydoesminecraft we're going to fight
cicadas minecraft tonight and we have to
go to the arena let's go to good arena
here I hadn't made it good I wish I'd
made a gamer gloves arena I'll probably
do that later on but for now we're going
to go to the same arena where I began
Arcadia presents and our key uprising so
everything's in place
let's do it
we're going to let the intros run we got
to let them run guys because this is
what got me these okay you need to see
the intro for yourself let's let it go
yeah yeah boy representing the Henson
Club yes
this crowd goes one over
[Applause]
I love base mapping in this game it came
out perfectly like it looks exactly like
me you can't tell right now people of
space cover but it looks exactly like me
things are amazing
we have to turn my entire red now for
those opposed you to order the blue
gloves but I think I like these better
oh yeah what guy
feel so comfortable man I can't even
begin to tell you like you need or
wedding for yourself
[Applause]
every course I had like the logo on
there that'd be cool if I had it like
the logo like that and I could do that
that would be cool
just like I do it there if I did like
that I'll be cool here comes my opponent
tonight legend and its own right
[Applause]
we're going to let them get a little
close to the ring that we got to let
them have it actually no let's not let
just in the interest of fairness let's
it intro run as well
so it's just love you slums man love
them
feel great man feels beautiful
[Applause]
I fuck this moment of truth we're going
to test these babies out right now this
match is about to get underway we're
waiting for the Bell all right there we
go ah all that help my oh that is it wow
that just go right neither good
[Applause]
flippy shit ah I bought that Sartre
Wow get up
all right no no I can aah no no aah come
on come on get up
look at that my timing on these things
was terrible before I could get it like
every once in a while but now look at
that
I am nailing every reversal now that is
beautiful
Wow okay now I'm at the weight I get my
reversal bar is empty I can't I can't I
can't get up
well counting imagine anything goes I'm
a thief
you
oh yeah
no no let's let's jump on one chick yeah
there go around it's right on his chest
right there
that was beautiful right there come on
you got it man
Wow come on get up get up go whoa yeah
get him daddy
I'm done with this kid I'm done with him
I'm done with him get him in my ring how
attention uh that's again
Hey
so it up my wrist
there we go pay off pay off baby it
feels so comfortable man like I am might
have not dropped the controller like I
feel like more able to like move around
to move the joysticks around with those
income grips it just feels amazing like
I came again to tell you how amazing
this feeling
amazing so you know what let's wrap it
up
come on get up get up come on get up get
Oh gin Yasha was I had to call it the
writer sketch beautiful stuff guys
beautiful stuff let's look at again a
slow motion Tennessee of the anarchy
uprising replay you know what we got one
more in us we got one more in it come on
yeah
you my friend have just gotten
starstruck take that I want to get
courtesy of our epic replay
10% here we go
oh he kicked out
he kicked out he thought how to kick out
I don't know how you get up this kid
will not quick mom
come at me bro come at me
oh wow he got that one
oh I am just hot autumn doing there it
is there is that's what I wanted
you will always counter my submissions
no matter what I do it's just crazy oh
no oh no no no no not today
complexion auto right into the room that
is some painful did
oh no I got to finish it you know I
gotta end it big I got to end it big I'm
sorry I gotta end this thing you're
gonna marry this you got it you can't
end the promotional video if you're not
going to end it big
[Applause]
go sleep now
take it
ah
listen to that crab baby Ron rep down
now he's done he's done count one two
three
Oh what like he kicked out get up get
down
I can't believe you kicked out
this skydoesminecraft he is a resilient
sumbitch bhai and that much better
ah there we go
you know I thought no weapons tonight no
weapons tonight i'ma beat this clean
come on get up
Oh missed him
a super-sweet
all right go let's do this
it's the definitive oh no he doesn't
Oh Fermo back there much
not today
for me
have a lotta bottom
Miami
around
absolute motherboy
so here's what's going to happen I'm a
play a song called
this combo on a knob get a cup of some
clever black and figured out
all right
Wow he is fighting me right
oh no he was the table
oh he's done he got it done is done
get on son
you're done get on
let's take a look at that again on the
epic instant replay
look at this jump this is the stuff like
ah ah the cutting
Oh
repping the GG baby that's how we do
that's how we do
and of course you get the greatest of
all time getting finished looks very
fitting very fitting setting guys it's
stuff like that okay I got up amuse dad
because no can't gotta mute that because
that's copyright anyway guys these
gloves are amazing if I'm comfortable I
don't think I'm ever going to take these
off I'm going to have to because I have
pizza but I'm gonna these gloves are
amazing I feel like I'm going to wear
these a lot these are well worth the $40
they're worth very constable very
amazing the grip I have that controller
is beautiful was amazing we just fell
great the thumb grips were probably the
best part because I can actually feel
myself didn't feel like I was like
sliding around on the joint on a
joystick there was in place I knew I was
there I know we're going that time you
saw my good counter timing with these
gloves if I done it without the gloves
you would have seen that it was like bad
like he was like I would do it sometimes
but then I most depends like the timing
is off for like with these because of
the grip you were like there you were
like you had does it semantics of gamer
grunts guys these are amazing and I just
want to reiterate I'm not spongebob just
a guy who loves the product and I want
to promote it so definitely check them
out it's the gamer gloves calm I'll have
a link in the description I'll have a
link in description so you guys can
check them out they cost $40 but they're
a good 40 dollars I want to thank gamer
gloves for giving me the free pair I'm
blown away again I did not expect you
guys to like it to the point where used
to like that video to the point where
you would send me free gloves but you
did
I'm thank you so much between come true
hopefully we can talk more about the
sponsorship and hopefully we can work
that out later on down the line when you
guys are able to but for now I don't
even care that you guys aren't
compensating me or in for a nice work I
just love that you guys gave me these
gloves I'm going to promote them even if
I'm not being compensated for it because
these gloves are amazing I stand by
these products these are amazing
so again I want to thank gamer gloves
and I want to thank you guys for
watching hope you guys will
check them out and purchase something if
you guys want to see more let me get to
write or punch that like button and
writer kicked out subscribe button and
the bell next to enjoin the notification
squad the day check me out on patreon
links in description
become a belt soldier today t-shirts
going around on teespring the Hanshin
club and writer cupcake party t-shirts
are there we'll be debuting a new design
in a couple of months guys the new kamen
rider has been announcer ever seen
silhouette we're waiting on the official
we're waiting to see what he looks like
and everything we went on that so i can
design the new logo it's going to be
crazy you guys are going to love it so
hopefully you guys will check that out
again thank you so much and again i
can't thank you guys
tape i can't paint gamer gloves enough
thank you so much for the gloves thank
you for your faith in me thank you for
liking what a video that's goofy little
video i did it's amazing thank you for
the support and everything i hopefully
you guys will consider sponsoring me in
the future and i want to thank you guys
the fans for watching so until next time
guys we have a very special video coming
out later this week i don't want to give
it away but three big youtubers already
did this they were the first we're the
next that's all I'm going to say if you
don't know what it is you'll find out
soon enough so thank you guys so much
for watching and I will see you in the
next video do that everybody can see and
that feels so comfortable good thing
what's going on
[Music]